Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in the last lecture asks you to clear these values.
The user clicks on log in.
Okay, so now this lecture, we're going to do it together.
Okay.
Now to do this, they're just going to go to the log in button.
I think should be above.
Okay.
Now, this is our fruit song.
Adjust this log in, use a server there, accommodates more.
I know that was stuck with it more.
I will use a function.
So this is going to be this the lockdown function.
Okay.
Now, first of all, going to call the log in users.
Right.
You can't just had this.
Do it then coma then as well.
I got to clear the fields.
Okay, to clear the fields.
We're going to call our Cuadrilla Sue.
I think we need this.
Not comma.
Sorry.
Okay.
Now, don't sit on this call email.
Controller Dot.
What's that?
Right.
And on the score.
Password.
Controller.
But what?
Claire.
Okay, great.
Now, with these control ideas to save.
Okay.
Then I'll just write out.
Now I may look on this can see now and that's all era as a card because I don't have my wife.
It's not okay.
But this is what we basically wanted to do to clear the fields.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.